super happy with you then the subject of
my video
today we are proud of this name when
not penniless it was the period between two
fuselages during which blow
your natural hair at the base where are going
to coexist with your relaxed hair that
are on the length is often it's
a breakage period for the hair
because so there are two textures so
two types of hair with needs
different and it's going to be complicated in
general to be able to maintain
hair during this period
so that's why I
want to make a video on the
stretching and give you some
tips that I use to avoid the
breaks during this period so first
thing this is the household and that's
often the most offered area the asylum to
the riskiest moment is when
see we are going to untangle her hair
during this stretching period because
at the base you have known that
natural people who are often very taken away
very very hard a little bit harder and
a thick to unravel and you have them
relaxed hair that is on the
length below what will happen
is that we tend to put the
pen is attracted to the hair
natural that came to auch hair
straightened high- level zone that
I called from the exchange zone of
demarcation where you have hair
natural plus hair of seizures and
it is a very sensitive point and often
the case comes from this area because
we tend to time out and so
the hair that is friezes and that is
more thin and fragile trend will have to have
at low or even tend to rank at this
level there so it leads to falls
and breakage
hair so what I advise you
households is first of all
to use products that are going
facilitate demolding facilitate the
the country stage makes the passage of the
peg so I want me what I'm doing
it's that I use of him serving in
small amount does not need you in
part is a liter in the hair
just at the level of my natural hair
because that's where your hair is
a little harder to unravel really to
try to 2.2 to apply it beyond that
level there then I use my cream
of daily expectations I also try to
favor sprays we do not know
because it also helps and
hydration and also to the household
at the natural hair level of you
regrowth and after that then I use
a father with big afro teeth only
really ben ali it's during this
period ti comb end
not in this movie to untangle your
unused hair only wholesale
afro comb here is I select my
hair often in 4 4 sections and game
mails quietly in turn
each of the sections that I did and
that's it's easier and that's
avoid breakage it avoids passing the pen
treated him and shoot and that's a
traction that often causes breakage
that's the second thing as I said
natural hair does not have the same
needs that your hair straightened so
during this period you have to arrive at
manager
the type of hair and their needs so
natural hair is dry
it must be emphasized the hydration
level of your regrowing insisted on
hydration moisturizing care etc.
etc.
so that your natural hair can
to stay in good condition and especially that
really prevents them from getting tangled
too much your hair straightened at the park we 're going
to be fragile weakened during this
period
so you 're it will have to insist on
the sums are protected from care
keratin for the purpose of repairing your
hair straightened and prepare them for
straightening
no dog here are three echelons the
protective style or licks the hairstyles
protective during this period are going
play a big role they are going to be very
important because they are going
decrease hastily
handling the manipulation of your
hair and that's very important because
that as I said it's hard to
to be able to disentangle them from them
care etc which handle them to a minimum
that's what you really need
this period of protective stretching
style what do you have the
good mud often bun them he
there is that to some girls who make
braids too during this period you
have
the weavings what else the worst for
those who therefore really prefer the
mats
all that will help repair and
the rest of your hair during these
periods when they are a little weakened
manhandled waiting for the straightening
so I'm going out of a stretching there so
as you can see a game I'm going out
I come out of a frenchy that lasted six months
even a little over six months so that was
really hard especially on the end but what
that I can advise you
it's just for medina for really
those who are not used to
lose and stretching along the
treatment done step by step started
by small stretching down
three months so scoundrel in general
minimum between straightening then
go to four months five months and as
and as you learn how to
know your hair you're going
learn to know how to manage
both textures and then everyone
does not have the same
the same type in all this market that
honey is regrowing but I want natural to
base are pretty thin and not slip very
kinky efficient and curly so that makes
things a little easier by cons
I know there are girls who have
failed so very kinky so and regrowth are
really very hard to handle
and that's with the time you go
be able to manage both
textures and to be able to avoid at the moment
this case here I hope my video
you liked it was useful to you if
you also have tips from cto
below in the comments as
I usually have everything to you
thank
encouraged me a lot